
Reading gadgets.py:
1) find one part of the code you understand . write down what it does
(in less than four lines)
```
class Schaffer(Candidate):
lines(46-56)
```
What it does:
The method evaluates the candidate's single decision value at the two functions. This decs stores the legal/allowable values
for the decision variable. Later, the ```objs``` stores the functions to minimize the scores which are called by 
```Less```. To call and store the values minimized into ```objs```, the ```maker()``` method is used.

2) find one part of the code you do not understand, write down the line number.
```
 133:         i.also + x
```
Why is the also being auto-incremented?

3a)  "Recursive factories I";  . in the process of filling in
decisions on line 256, the code recurses somewhere else and asks
another object to fill in one value. What other object?
``` An ```
3b)  "Recursive factories II";  . in the process of filling in
objectives on line 265, the code recurses somewhere else and asks
another object to fill in one value. What other object?
``` Less ```
4) on lines 292 to 303 , we are mutating during simulated annealling
- what is "sn":  A candiate in aFewblanks after checking for contraint count.
- what is "can":  A candidate value
- what is "decs": Decision value of the guess value of the candidate.
- what is "can.decs"? What class of objects are stored there?: The decisions satisfied by the contraints in Candidate class
- what is "i.about.decs"? What class of objects are stored there? : 
- what us "log.decs"? What class of objects are stored there?: the values of logs generated by candidate objects
- what is happening on line 302? can't we just delete it? Yes, can be delted. ```returns True anyways```
- why is mutate creation inside a loop (for sn in i.aFewBlanks():)?  considers all the decisions in candidates as well as 
the logged values.

5) pick a line and imagine that it is commented out. what would happen
to the code? to find your line to delete:

delete line ```217:     def logs(i,also=None):``` : 
Factory for candidates objects containing logs is not created. 

let one,two,three =   the first 3 letters of your name
let prod = one * two * three (multiply their ascii values)
let line = prod mod 460
